[music]
the road is very long I will be confident when you
always walk with
me it won't be too far will be the long minutes
when we hold each other's hand tightly I
know it's difficult and I still hope that there is no
more distance to  You've always been by my side
for so many days. It seems like being far away
doesn't make me miss you. I put
love into it.
[Music]
remembers the places where you are. You shine brightly on the
path. You walk beside
me.  Binh is the feeling when I miss you,
look up at the sky
and tell me why I want to
meet you. Don't make me feel happy and tell
me when you're sad. Tell me all the
thoughts in your heart to make your dreams come true.
let's come true
Hold my hand and walk by my side honey
[music]
hold tightly whoever's hand hold tight don't
let go like the way others do don't do
like
that hold my hand tight
I'll take you all over the world  When you're
crying, hold me. Whose shoulder can you
lean on when you want me to hear your
thoughts? Always call
my name to know that there's someone beside
you. Wherever you are, I'll shine my bright
lights and drag you away.  You walk beside
me peacefully is the feeling when I miss you
look up to the
sky and say Yes to the stars I want to see
you don't make me feel happy or lie to me
when you're sad say all the thoughts
in your heart to the sea  Our dream will
come true
Let's hold hands and walk by my side,
love is when we're apart and still remember each other
Love is when I miss you but only know how to
sit Vibrating your name is when your arms are tight
With H, I have
dreams of going to places where you are, I'm staring at you,
the sweetness that threatens to drag you away, walking beside me,
Nhan Binh is the feeling when I miss you, looking
up at the
sky and telling the sky why I want to
see you, don't give me  I'm happy and lie to
me when you're sad. Tell me all the
thoughts in your heart so that our dream will
come true.
Hold my hand and walk beside me,
[music] [
music]
[music]  I